chore: add introduction (#30)
veramolabs/did-eth: did-eth-method-draft.md

## Introduction

> `did-eth` is intended to be a modern DID method for the Ethereum ecosystem. It serves as a successor to `did-ethr` in this regard, and should be fully [DID-core](https://www.w3.org/TR/did-core/) compliant, fully supporting all possible verification methods and services. This DID method should be resolvable both off-chain (by querying for and processing EVM events) as well as on-chain (by processing EVM state directly from within a smart contract), although it should be considered acceptable if the on-chain resolution resolves a DID Document that contains only a subset of verification methods or services, as specified later in this document.

Reviewer: I believe that on-chain resolution should not be in the form of a DID document.

```suggestion
`did-eth` is intended to be a modern DID method for the Ethereum ecosystem. It serves as a successor to `did-ethr` in this regard, and should be fully [DID-core](https://www.w3.org/TR/did-core/) compliant, fully supporting all possible verification methods and services. This DID method should be resolvable both off-chain (by querying for and processing EVM events) as well as on-chain (by processing EVM state directly from within a smart contract), although it should be considered acceptable if the on-chain resolution involves only a subset of verification methods or services, as specified later in this document.
```
